I
in buenos aires the cardinal
the hotel there would rise a project don haskins psychology
legal
come to thank you very much for sharing this follow up with
we
and we want to be told if I know about legal psychology and
staff so he commissioned a specialty of science
psychological
what is dedicated defense of the defense
the conduct of human beings when they transgress the law
initially the cases of minors and adults
they only have criminal behavior traits that is our specialty testament
having still more
telephones the author although it is patent although these appear on the screen
tiago gomes tote
you need your series
do not hesitate to call
doctor eritrea
They have changed many things in dry box
previously as the family were constituted and informed
for dads and moms and their children
now connected as migration issue
the family
goals of the eagles changed
pull apart
and you can
and all this is changing a truth concept
Yes it is
what is the concept currently
of the family good the family denounced universal social
it always existed throughout history
this need for attention to the family in the 1st
do not really believe human being participates
but it seems constitution always needs a man and a woman
when they commit themselves to train in building a life project
based on love the affection that is one of the first
mistakes that commit couple zetas
because according to needs
commitment with decision and strength
then regardless of the decision they have to make
this consists of a family demand permanent delivery
the name of the woman but that's not all
this concept has allowed anthropologically to be considered the
family currently
as a sociocultural psychological co-pilot
biological
where usually the purpose of detecting in contact
with society and if you change agreement no longer
to the number of members because you were dad or mom their children 5
now the family veneer
children grandparents children uncles lijo institutions
but the importance of this structure lies in the interaction
there is not in the number of members and not how they relate to each other
as well as allow its function and structure
sound between the sanction with bonding affective bonds
inbreeding
Whoever is all that
formed by 15 way hours
the needs according to the needs of its members
while forgiveness percent
on the cards
that's why they are socio-economic cultural factors
the to the members of a family when narrowing or by ties of
Union
although there are not and does not have consanguineous links like uncles
igor godfathers institution in force
josé has made unions as grandparents who stay with their grandchildren
relatives with their economy
if what the children do is in the interaction not the five what is
can form him
That is why it is so true that the family as an institution
the institution must be organized organized
and be hierarchical
I'll throw that means there has to be authority
currently the wall that inc
what family expresses at the same level of the boys not that milestone for the sector
retailer
the day I'm going to take the air I take so many bed friends with me first
then the PSOE is an error because
Asians there must be an order
this order allow there to be patterns of behavior
that there are regulations of the Cerati family who makes the
with parents with the referents to be but success do not arise
high-profile cases stood out
three times stellar
the author has always believed
that she important
is based on the children this is true
sometimes we commit
d is worrying to disappear in the contest that is an error because
the importance to the family lies in all its members not
as I said before
the family is one or the other of its members and not members
the parents mothers children in case there are extended families as grandparents
nephews cousins
are all members that should grow as a result of this from the children not
additionally the mother especially involved
she believes insufficient
if she
she can sacrifice all kinds of relationships so that her children
stay by your father's side
she does not feel good as a woman, she can hardly
i in project happiness gijón 2
many mothers assert
that the fire remains in this place can remain because it affected
valencia cf
the nation's expertise depends on the happiness of the mother the officer for
nothing
if the mother is happy in that environment or if you do not have to congratulate them and do not give
account
Felicia can perceive her mother
but if the boy of a constructive environment
sometimes I'm happy not only getxo that
that brings old age and injury the indifference
We sincerely believe that violence is a bucket
but also the silence the indifference
the lack of love left three types of violence
the family is very important that all members grow up to peace
fathers and mothers
sotelo salgado
so that the couple
- there is an excellent family violence indec as violent act stand out from a
adult to another adult of a few last minutes
initially the first causes of this park spain level of the
communication
failure level of the festivity of the process of adaptation within your mind
the family nucleus
the communication
the gesture to haiti
is verbal is corporal is affective
in the affectivity communication with the holiday so mobility
the process of adaptation will be answered as a safe man and woman
type of these projects is not met and normally
they start to see what kind of
of rose and rib between you have a lot to do with the way of being of each one
the personal conflict takes it here they come together
according to this time a Bosnian conflict in particular of hunger
couple conflicts we always go after that facility for
solve them
what happens is how he took it as a human being not
in it there may be forces in the gulf tactics
that can allow them to develop a project such as the ability to
listening comprehension
we must respect
but also and as a human being I can see strength
tactical homies that allow us to be quiet my own criteria
I deny and had to close
it does not allow me to understand the other and the first way
it's about imposing
thousand criteria through violence
through crime
from indifference through physical attack not
although warehouse violence has only by physical attack in the
verbal attack
in psychological attack including sexual assault
to the woman and also from the woman to the man